c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\PageAction.g.i.cs
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\PageAction.g.cs
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\PageAction.xbf
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Yana.xr.xml
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Yana.exe
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Yana.pdb
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Yana.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\PageAction.xaml
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\PageAction.xbf
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\Yana.exe
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\Yana.pdb
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\Yana.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\Yana.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Yana.exe.config
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Flurl.dll
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.dll
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.dll
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Flurl.pdb
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Flurl.xml
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.pdb
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Flurl.Http.xml
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.xml
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\PCLStorage.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\bin\Debug\configPage.xbf
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\configPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\configPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\configPage.xaml
C:\Users\Gwénolé\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Yana\Yana\obj\Debug\configPage.xbf
